I created an application for project three that had the goal of tracking a person's weight over time. Whether it be to gain or lose weight, the application's requirements included creating an account and logging in, give the user the ability to enter a goal weight and a daily weight. Another requirement was to display all of the information to the user in a grid format. It was also supposed to be able to ask for sms notification permissions to send an Sms message once the user reached their goal weight.
The layout of the application was straight forward. There was the registration and login screen, which gave you access to the grid screen. This displayed all of the user's weights and gave them an option to add a new daily weight. There were a few separate screens for adding a weight, editing, and permissions requests. But everything went back to the main grid activity.
When starting the project, I tried to approach each requirement one at a time. I feel that that helped me stick to something, even if I ran into a problem. I made sure everything was done and finished before moving on to the next requirement. 
The texting was probably the biggest issue for me, because I could not find much about it. I found plenty about notifications but nothing on SMS notications. I had to do quite a bit of research to finally find something on it. 
I think a majority of my code worked well and showed my skills. However, there was a requirement I was unable to complete due to time constraints but that's mostly on my own time management as opposed to anything else. I simply waited too long to get started on the project before its due date. 
